welcome to the arena and threw in the
red corner to champion the marvels
champion goes from it enough and in the
blue etch it will ya you're going to die
man whoa bring it up yeah you started
you started for me lag attack ha h I
love it narcis currently i'm just going
to tease your purpose a little bit oh I
probably don't even need to carry
because you killed herself come on in
Luigi we like to have some fun boom oh
hey cut that out you mean them pretty
you pitch small Mario is a panic come
here we ok enough of the kindergarten
that's time foolish for you for the real
fight come on i'm going to use every
dirty trick I know now
come back stop it stand still for a
moment please shoot the room
ah ok you're this was the last time you
quit me I'm trying to die if I make it
to get up here oh yeah really useful how
do you that's my head look like a spring
border while inside you sorry she I just
stay down here to kill yourself hey you
know Zeus a repeat good job for me how
come here come to Papa come to Papa
Mario coo coo mario got a present for
you it's painful but it's nice come here
oh wow I want to be much more mario come
on Mario sad take that bitch aha rody
trick number 70 dolls clothes stop it oh
god
got ya this is okay time to get serious
whoo I'm scared big boy wants let's play
serious games won't she ah Matt mess
with my ass hey I'm the one bounces on
you oh come on that's cheap oh that's
Chivas and here there aren't even any
cheep cheeps take that hmm it's just
showed to me that I haha Laurie isn't
the only one who can charge you to the
data mommy I love remarkably little
chief British comedy show it is an
editor Al arrested in it did anything it
it it it it it it it it it it it it oh
shit haha that was intense here you can
have dad oh I can also have to be the
bumblebee ouch stop it little fella it
die whoa-ho I can also went by
collecting drive cars you know that it
oh no no no no no hahaha that true most
delicious earlier and I got out indeed
you God a battle
Josh Jack am happy oh no I see where
this is going god damn it hold still for
them out my head is still most
springboard when do you get that oh noes
lipid Dan yeah say you had the boom just
got hit by him no you don't dare doing
that okay while riding down there I'm
going to get five coins are just good
don't kill yourself why not hey I want a
rematch here okay let's cut the widow
right here so I can do a round two video
we see you later